CLIPRT - Client Information Parsing and Reporting Tool.

1. Create a Excel compatible workbook and add one or more content worksheets of
    client data that you would like to merge for your marketing efforts.

2. Use CLIPRT to create a Data Element Dictionary (DED) for you.  The DED is
    constructed by reading through the content worksheets and creating a new
    worksheet that provides a unique list of client data elements.  You will use
    this list to configure your report(s).  Note that CLIPRT can now generate
    the DED for you.

3. Use a spreadsheet app to edit the workbook and configure your reports.
    - Content Data Element column:
        The data element name.  Don't edit this column.

    - Content Data Type column:
        Designate which data elements are identifiers and which are fragments.

    - Dest WS column:
        Enter one or more destination report indicators.

    - Dest DE Name column
        If the content data is to map to a different element on the destination
        worksheet, name destination the element.
        Example: for the "cell phone" element map it to "phone" on the report.

        a. Specify "indentifier" for elements that help to uniquely identify a
            client.  This is crucial for merging client records.  You should
            have at least 3 of these.
            Example: "name,identifier"
            Hint: name, email address, and phone number are good identifiers.
        b. Specify "fragment" for elements that need to be combined with
            others.  First example, first name and last name may need to be
            combined on the report as fullname.

    - Dest DE Format column
        Specify how to format the data in the report using one of the
        following: (date, name, phone) for more consistent report results.
        Example: "name" - last, first names are reported as first last.
        Example: "date" - dates are reported as mm/dd/yyyy

4. Use CLIPRT to interpret your instructions and to create the marketing
    reports.

5. Use a spreadsheet app to review the report worksheet(s) to use as your
    marketing reports.

README.md has more details and is recommended reading.


Pronunciation: "cliprt" sounds like "liberty"